Alta Metro - Subcontractor Meeting
Wed, Jul 1, 2026

0:00 - Ritter, Nicholas
many so many yeah I'll do it right now.

0:22 - Ritter, Nicholas
It just says BB I was wondering if that was time or not.

0:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Is the platform in England?

0:41 - Ritter, Nicholas
Is it?

1:20 - Ritter, Nicholas
What's going on? Welcome to the potting.

1:26 - Ritter, Nicholas
Next thing I'll text us.

1:27 - Unidentified Speaker
40. 40.

1:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:33 - Ritter, Nicholas
Is Ben here? In the trailer? I'm on site. Did that clock tricker drone through light? Hey, Ben. Oh, that's to get over here. Ben. Hey, I know it's hot outside, but it's only like a 20-yard walk.

1:51 - Unidentified Speaker
There's a room over there for me.

1:52 - Ben Cruz Prendiz
me.

1:53 - Unidentified Speaker
There's plenty of room.

1:54 - Ritter, Nicholas
There's plenty of fucking room, babe. I'll walk over there.

2:05 - Ritter, Nicholas
Don't we take the number?

2:13 - Ritter, Nicholas
You ready, Don?

2:22 - Ritter, Nicholas
We're just going to get like two more minutes, wait for Don to come back.

2:27 - Ritter, Nicholas
So really? Yeah. Well, they went over the conduit? Yeah. Yes, he fixed it by you pulled between two stuff up and had his wheel turn broken on the slab or in the asphalt? He broke it twice? Yeah, the same pipe. All right, let's get started.

2:53 - Ritter, Nicholas
Steal guys.

3:24 - Ritter, Nicholas
All right.

3:28 - Ritter, Nicholas
Let's get started. Let's get started. So everybody knows job site is closed on Friday. There is absolutely no work for anybody. No work at all. Job sign is closed Friday the 3rd. July 3rd. The job site is closed. July 3rd, Friday. The job site is closed. All right. Right are we working for it's open till noon no trabaho at all on friday work saturday absolutely not absolutely not unless you're 250 years old then yeah you can work you can work saturday we're only planning on having a proper day tomorrow you guys yeah we'll be here for half a day only tomorrow It's half an hour.

4:31 - Ritter, Nicholas
All right, I'm gonna let Don Dawn safety. Yeah, I take it. So, Fourth of July is coming up, guys. And the big issue is people aren't thinking about. About your job in the next couple of days. You're thinking about where you're going to be. I'll bet 90% of the conversation is where you're going to be on the 4th of July. So for safety, while you're on the job, forget about what you're going to do on the 4th of July. Think about the next couple of days before you go. Appreciate that. Then Brett and I were talking over it. He went and reminded me that we want to leave the site in good shape. Don't leave any holes or anything before the 4th. Uh so pretty pretty typical everybody's got their mind somewhere else but uh stay safe and uh concentrate on the job until the holiday comes yes again job site is closed on friday all right so um or saturday So, high-risk scope of work. We're hanging still at Building Gay. Please don't walk over there. You can look at it. You can watch, but don't be going under the beams. Don't be going around the forklift. Just stay away from Building Gay.

5:57 - Ritter, Nicholas
Trenching, excavating. On Building B, backfilling. Watch out for that. South of block six. We're putting water meter vaults in, so do not fall into that. And big, big, big thing. You guys may see the danger tape west of building C. Don't go into that trench. Don't walk near the trench. There's an active power line over yonder. We are unsure if it's turned off or if it's still active. We'll update everybody, but stay away from west of building C. Yes, Kerry. So the line crew was out. And it is off. It is off. That doesn't mean that there could be an inner main table and so on, but it is off. Well, that even with even with high power saying it's off, like treat it as a live wire.

6:51 - Ritter, Nicholas
I'm sure Jerry would say the same thing. You treat every wire like it's live, no matter what. Uh, toolbox talks, y'all them in. Good one this week, if y'all want to do, is electrical safety or trench safety. All right. Reminders, site safety. You know, like GTH does every day, inspect your equipment, inspect your machines, inspect your excavators, just like Daniel does as well. Marcos does. Orientations. We'll have a big, big orientation come Monday. So if y'all will have anybody that wants to come in, y'all send them in. Starting Monday, framers. There'll be a lot of framers and army. I got a plumber.

7:38 - Ritter, Nicholas
Sprint, come on in. Dumpsters. So block six, Jerry, dumpster was swapped. Block three, there is now a new dumpster. There is now two dumpsters on the job site. I may think about bringing one to Bill to B. Um, David, do you have anything for um safety or scope? I haven't talked about the dogs security, yeah. Yeah, yeah, so everyone's aware, don't go in the gates before 6 a.m., you will get bit. Uh, so it's a dog by dog by Bill what's going on? He's got a handler, he's mainly focused on lot A right now, uh, but they're here between 4 p.m. And 6 a.m. We're working with them. The guys who work a little later, you know, they're working with them. But you get here, especially if you're at six, don't go into that gate before 6 a.m.

8:31 - Ritter, Nicholas
They are retired military and army dogs. They're shepherds, some of them. They are evil looking. They look like wolves. They mean business. Yeah. They don't care if you're a child, grandpa, anything, they'll come after you. And that's kind of what Don was saying. I mean, most accidents happen before or after a holiday. So let's watch what we're doing. Does anybody have any questions on safety? And they open up the gates at 5:30 tomorrow. I'm planning to start early. I will text them. I'll text them. I'm in their WhatsApp. So if like, we're working late, Daniel, if we're working late, let me know. So I can let them know, like, hey, what block we're staying till 6, 6.30. Or, yes, Marcus, we're getting early, coming in early to get eight hours. Just let me know so I can text the security team and I'll say, like, hey, block six, we'll be opening the gates at 5:30. Yeah, I just need to strip that slap so we can get the stressing done. 100%. I will, I'll text them. So, we're upper in the mid-90s now. So, let's make sure.

9:44 - Ritter, Nicholas
So like, so mid-90s next week and the end of this week, so y'all be safe this weekend, drink a lot of water. What we say, like when we have track days, you should be drinking water a week before any high temperature. And since we've all been out here for a few months, we should always be drinking a lot of water. And please make sure that the guys out there in the field. Who are actually doing the work have water. All right. We need to make sure us as managers that we're watching over those who want to become managers. So, like I'll do every day, y'all text us a daily headcount, any type of material deliveries or inspections. I've been staying up to date on dumpster swaps as y'all see that now. How are the bathrooms looking? I know in this one we are block three block six is female restrooms thank you one um does anybody have any issues with the uh dumpsters or uh bathrooms nothing um again just like it says right here do not touch power so once we start getting temp power if anything happens to the tent power I don't care if you're a certified electrician or not all power requests or power needs go through Jerry. And I'm going this, Jerry, if it's okay with you. Talk to Jerry.

11:15 - Ritter, Nicholas
You could request from Jesse, but I would prefer if we all spoke to Jerry when it came to power. That's respectively, Jerry, if that's okay with you. We got some turtle boxes coming tomorrow. Prep for framing on lot A on Monday. Do not. Sorry. That's good. Don't mess with those 50F ports. Those are shocking good. So if you need to move a turtle or something's in your way, don't touch it yourself, please. On that note, when we get into the buildings, we have a very limited temp power, so don't try and overload it because you say you got to get a hold of these. To come.

11:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Make sure I got my key on me to get in the pan and reset the prayer.

12:00 - Ritter, Nicholas
Find out what so you're just planning to have like three per floor or two per floor. Um, they're not turtles. We just make a stand or depot bucket with some confidence both and a couple of quads. We have um uh needs for. Whatever, some 30 amp stuff, we have to figure out another nowadays. Of people have spatters. Yeah, not like we do. Yeah, well, predominantly what it is, maybe some right-of-work egress lighting, but 99% of it is just construction bed. It's typical on every construction project you see is what we're going to be doing. This is Mall High Metalworks. This is one of our iron workers right here. What explaining to everybody: if you see anybody around your steel or walking through the clubhouse, tell them to get out. Nobody should be over there while we're erecting steel. So, materials need to be relocated from block six. I've been sending this out an email and in text. So, block six. So, this is basically block six. Anything in blue, that's curb and gutter. We're going to get this surveyed on Monday. So we'll do a rough graded export with GTH. So any inlets, meter volts, everything needs to be where it needs to be. And just like we did at block three, we'll get all the material, everything moved, just so we can make this happen. It's a big push, but let's be mindful. So that's that.

13:42 - Ritter, Nicholas
some stuff there. Can I just put it on the first floor? Like some buckets and stuff. I've been asking everybody to put all the material east of the fence line, like up against this fence against building B. That's where we need to put it. All right.

14:01 - Ritter, Nicholas
Stormwater, I've kind of spoken to a handful, but like we need to get concrete spoils. These need to get cleaned. We walked with the city of Aurora today and was the kind of the big thing. If you guys have trucks that are leaking oil, or you have gods that are leaking oil, get some sand or something, squeegee, whatever, and or cat litter and get the oil cleaned up. All right, we're starting to notice a lot of leaking trucks out here. Fuel, any type of fuel must be in within its own containment. All right, any barrels that look like whatever they need to be in a containment. Gas cans. I've been starting to see a lot more gas cans on the project. Gas cans need to remain inside the truck or the tailgate or the bed of the truck. Can't just leave it in the dirt. That's a safety violation. So, gas cans need to be in its own containment or state. Go fill up what you need and then put it back in the truck immediately. Especially when we start going vertical here. I'm boarding.

15:09 - Ritter, Nicholas
Cleaning assignments, Marcos, typical concrete spoils, trash, eco-pans, plumbing, gear mill, pipe glue, plastic water bottles, high power, general housekeeping, conduits, water bottles, materials, SWR. Gotta get that concrete manhole out of here by tomorrow. Tomorrow, you better bring the brake. Yep. Bring the totamento and kick out the trunk. Got it. And then water bottles, pipe, plastic. Let's do some housekeeping.

15:43 - Ritter, Nicholas
When we need use for the we can move to the side. That's fine, guys. The two dumpsters were emptied today. So fill them up. All right. Let's do some general housekeeping. Let's get this project cleaned before the weekend. All right. Maha, sweep the slab. Any shards, any medals, anything like that? All right, David, you got anything, Don? No, no, all right. So, submit a log. Um, Mike, you're probably in here. Um, closed out a bunch of submittals. No, well, Jerry, he's got his, yeah.

16:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Um, I closed out a bunch of submittals and sent them out.

16:25 - Ritter, Nicholas
You probably saw that on your email. One we can keep putting the push on fixture so that'll yes we need something I haven't I don't have any fixtures the only thing I have is fire alarm oh like our team yeah just have have um have mike follow up with calibrated just keep on doing it we we don't have any control over the fixtures of the contract or purchase order stuff or the field guys RFIs, so framers are not in here, but we're doing some kitchen layout. I got the trash enclosure maintenance shop. I already got updated grading, but once we get grids, we can put those points and stuff in. And then David here has a lot of framing RFIs and roof access doors. Nothing really on the team in here.

17:20 - Ritter, Nicholas
Just give a heads up, Jerry. This RFI here, blocks three, four, and six transformer locations. What our electrical engineer said is that building D, that south transformer, it's going to have to be relocated, or we may pull the power from the new transformer for D. So that's going to be more of a development thing, and we get conversation with development. So, how us build guys we know I'd proceed do we double that I I don't think he they all confirmed it is a transformer in the rfi and you may be right I mean you know better than these engineers split your cap on last I mean they can logistically they can figure that out present issues those doorways and windows over there Yeah, that's it. So we got windows addressed, but I don't know what we're gonna do with these doors. All right, so like I always say, congratulations to everybody here for now, Framing. Starting Monday for Freeman, Maha, get out of here. Get out of here, Maha. I'll tomorrow. You'll be out tomorrow. We got inspection scheduled for you Monday. And look at that. You're already four days ahead of schedule. Let's keep up the good work. And with that being said, pour back diamonds next week? Uh, after his picture, yeah, and touch-ups. Do you have any love touch-ups for your intermescent?

18:56 - Ritter, Nicholas
I think you're gonna want to send it all. So it's all TNM work. Okay, we have uh the intermescent inspection for Wednesday next week, yeah. So I think after that. Then they don't get growl packed, though, right? Because you're right on the in-bed plate. They're right on the plates. Okay. Yeah, they're welded. So then we can just pull them back, expansion joint, and pull them back.

19:22 - Ritter, Nicholas
Talking with David, I'm going to see if they can get that pony wall up so then we can just pour that ramp as well. So Monday, we're some concrete operations. Tuesday, we'll have some concrete operations at building A We're going pouring back the balconies, just FYI for everybody. Yep. Just have to work with A and J.

19:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

19:41 - Ritter, Nicholas
And then if he's done Wednesday, I can pour diamonds on Thursday when we pour the other slab on Greek. Yeah. A week tomorrow, two weeks tomorrow, we'll start doing these garages on B. B is what I mean. You're working right beside C. Do you not see all that form work on the fence line? Those are all the garages. They're still, I don't know. Oh, the garages are in the fence line of CND south south.

20:12 - Ritter, Nicholas
Bagfill's done. Bagfill exposed walls are done.

20:20 - Ritter, Nicholas
No, we're done all the way up to the north. You think we'll be done tomorrow? For sure. And just like we talked about, starting Monday, we'll need to do some survey. I'd like to see if we can get some survey starting Monday. And we start tomorrow we'll have to pay that for bring it up too late where it has to be yeah we're pretty low on some areas so friday would be a good thing yeah gth only I was just we can get ahead and start tomorrow that way on monday you're not waiting on me to get you survey but I'm only here half the day tomorrow uh then it's just that for monday then I mean I'm thinking 11 o'clock put teeth in the ground Monday, I want you to start East Pad Deep. After they go. After they break.

21:11 - Ritter, Nicholas
Do you need to get into B at all before we start tearing up everything? Are we good? I just want to give you some time. In B is done. The exception is just outside the panel stage. Comms. Go, that's right. Unlike A, we don't got electrical over here.

21:34 - Ritter, Nicholas
All right, that's A and B. C, we've already done some rough grade and export. This is going to get updated for next week so we can start rough grading and export again for that parking lot. Just like you and I talked about, Jerry, this will get updated so it actually fits into one sequence instead of it be separated into two different sequences. Scott, I don't know if you hear that, but don't look too hard at building C parking lot. That needs to, I need to tie that in with D. So this may be mid to next week, but think you'll start here in the next two to three weeks to start that scarify and recompact over there at block six.

22:15 - Scott Finn
So you still want a crew end of next week, Ben?

22:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes. Yeah. Perfect.

22:23 - Ritter, Nicholas
I'll just, I'll call you, Scott. I'll give you like a one-week advance notice on when you and I need mobilizing schedule. All right.

22:31 - Scott Finn
I'd try to give me more than that. I need probably two right now, just to, it's getting busy. So we'll put us in the two-week slot.

22:43 - Ritter, Nicholas
So here, let's just go ahead and get that on the calendar about two weeks. So I'm thinking, let's say, you know, July 15th. And that's for building C, not building B, or block six. So block six is both building C and D.

22:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

23:01 - Ritter, Nicholas
So, how you and I are going to work, we're going to jump over from building A, block three, to building C D block six, and then you and I will jump back to block four, building B kind of counterclockwise.

23:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

23:15 - Scott Finn
Just give me a call when this is over so I can make sure I have this all locked in right.

23:20 - Ritter, Nicholas
Absolutely, Scott. If you want to go ahead and hop off, you can. You and Milton.

23:25 - Unidentified Speaker
All right. Thank you all.

23:36 - Ritter, Nicholas
That's to get low foundation on the northwest point of I mean, yeah, yeah, we can you know, whenever y'all want to just start working on that y'all can because Daniel, you just backfill all of north C and D, right? Okay. Whenever you want to at this point, Jerry can go in there find our stuff and reconnect. Yeah. Okay. We got the answer for water meter vaults. Those are go into the landscape. The manholes will be in that. That four-foot or three-foot landscape patch, right? Water or the valves can be in the bike lane, they can be in the sidewalk, valves can be where they want. That's the same thing for CND. Yes, sir. Um, good job, Marcos. We poured the first slab today, July 1st, Building C. Congratulations to everybody again around the table except you.

24:38 - Ritter, Nicholas
No, I mean, seriously, we couldn't do this without everybody involved, right? Next pour.

24:48 - Ritter, Nicholas
Thursday, day ahead, and then we'll do two weeks from now, we'll do the final pour. And then 7:15 will be the last one. 7:15. That's perfect.

25:02 - Ritter, Nicholas
Which we don't even have it on there and that's already three days ahead. Yeah, can I start on Monday in building D? Damn. Yeah, we should be done by building this. So I have been shallows. Yeah. We have shallows that D I think we have two days on them. Two, yeah, you start Tuesday, yeah. You start with that you have a preference north or south side. You can start. Oh, I prefer to start before you, like I did on C this time, where I graded everything and you just lay it down on top. And then I come in and put the baby bear. Pretty much what me and Jesse did over here on this side. Kind of working side by side, and we were laying it on the subgrid as I was fixing the dirt. Prefer, yeah. That's fine so if I start on monday and you start tuesday you get ahead I mean you have a spot to go it's better for I don't have I don't think I have any uh boxes there's not a room over there so it should be pretty soon okay because if I start fine grading we can pour one the following week indeed we'd probably be able to pick up a couple of days we're gonna be done pouring d by the end of uh by the middle of july get it done and it looks like parking lot so as we're pouring slab on grade you and I will be doing parking lot tv and conduits and everything like that and since we're only trenching that won't affect concrete doors ev stuff most of it is x because I have I'll double-check the count for site 14 conduits. I saw the markup that Brett sent. I think you're doing a confirming RFI on it too. So, yeah, we'll see that. Does anybody have any questions related to schedule?

27:10 - Ritter, Nicholas
All right.

27:14 - Ritter, Nicholas
Don, David, anything related to schedule? Right.

27:22 - Ritter, Nicholas
Monday. Does anybody need third-party inspections for Monday? Because we're go ahead and schedule them today for Monday.

27:33 - Ritter, Nicholas
We can borrow for the garages. We're pointing those Tuesday. So yeah, block six, garages. What's on? I'm sure on Monday, probably on the south.

27:49 - Ritter, Nicholas
When the pad down halt water Monday morning. Then we'll be able to catch up with it. We'll be cheaper eight. Ten? Yeah.

28:03 - Ritter, Nicholas
Ten. Do change for us Monday. Didn't you rebar the garages Monday? Then I got moisture from Monday. Moisture on Monday. 10 a.m. Rebar, 10 a.m. Moisture. Got it. 8 a.m. Concrete Tuesday. And 8 a.m. Concrete Tuesday.

28:24 - Ritter, Nicholas
What? Is that five yards or what? How much? 23. We'll schedule that on Monday. Yeah, because I'm including the balconies and does that need to get tested. All right.

28:46 - Ritter, Nicholas
All right. Marcos, do you need anything, open discussion? Anything we need to talk about as a team? We're good? All right.

28:58 - Ritter, Nicholas
Jerry, anything we need about with the whole team? No, you would be out of it.

29:07 - Ritter, Nicholas
It's a giant parking lot. We don't have to park with you. Well, let's do this, Jerry. Building gay. Let's cut some two by fours. We were putting mad out. I'm just gonna put I'm a kind of paint to you. No, I'm just gonna steal some candlesticks, whatever, and caution tape a bearer tape, if you will. Okay.

29:39 - Ritter, Nicholas
The last one he had on he had just fixed it and when you parked he turned the wheel and snapped the same one off. I'm sorry, hitting blew it away.

29:49 - Ritter, Nicholas
Other than that, I think we're good. That corner south of D I have some digging to do over there as soon as the bolts are done.

30:04 - Ritter, Nicholas
And timing of for anything. Want to get sight lighting on your radar too once they get power and up and running. At the parking lot? Yeah, you guys. Yeah, contract. So I don't know what you're going to need for that. Towers or concrete boxes and put some holes in them? We can definitely ask the framers to help you build. Face on like the uh cardboards and everything I doubt we even have that contracted out yet most of the bollards on the east side of a or there's got to be again the fixtures and middles we don't know how they're being attached or what oh for all the right of the oh yeah all not right on site there's bollards and such on the east side of A that need concrete fear of oh you're talking about just like 36 inch light points down yeah oh um but yeah that is on our radar it's one two there's a monument sign there's um it's one circuit then there's uh some fancy lighting on the one side, yes, a champion stage entry, and that's another circus, and then everything else. Well, I'm also talking about right tenths. Oh, tenths well, yeah, providing all the security. Bonchall talk about this.

31:48 - Ritter, Nicholas
Yeah, it's big scope.

31:52 - Ritter, Nicholas
I have a meeting, have your people talk to my people.

31:59 - Ritter, Nicholas
And this is kind of schedule related, but we will have to discuss or negotiate because the footprint is going to shrink for storage over there. So I think one garage is in here. At least me and he could probably pay the rage with stuff. I mean, like, so how it's, how the garages are in the schedule is like once we're topped out with superstructure, then we'll start framing up the garages. So we'll have a few months just to put some stuff on set garage pads. Like right now, BA1 and BA2 or GA1, GA2, there's nothing over there right now.

32:52 - Ritter, Nicholas
Would a connex maxes are ideal, you know, which that may work.

33:02 - Unidentified Speaker
It's just the lot, there's a lot of cardboards and garages on that lot.

33:08 - Ritter, Nicholas
So logistically, I personally, timing wise, can get by with probably a 20-footer. Let's do it. Is that what you're going to ask? Let's do this. I would prefer if you do it, you just put it on some four by four dunnage on a slab because when you're gonna drop it, you're gonna scrape the whole shit out of the concrete. So, if you just drop it with your fork, live empty, you'd be just fine. And we could do this. What I'm thinking is: well, David and I will text the group text Monday after the holiday once we're all back out here. And let's just do a foreman walk, superintendent walk, and we can start spray painting the asphalt for where everybody will be wanting storage, connexes, and stuff like that, except you.

34:01 - Ritter, Nicholas
Oh, yeah. Well, let's do that Monday, maybe, like, yeah. Bright and early, so it's not so hot. It's probably only gonna be you four because all these Mexicans are probably gonna be hungover after the Mexico game. What is it? Disappointed the Mexico game. They're either gonna be disappointed or happy. One of the two things. Well, wait, when is it? Saturday or Sunday? So, hey, hey, you're on.

34:25 - Ritter, Nicholas
See what I'm saying? We'll probably only have half of this crew here on Monday. I don't know if it was only me, but this morning was. Not a lot of traffic. Yeah. Very old that Mexicans there. Yeah, they stay home. If you get up early, there is no traffic. You're not like a hundred motherfuckers, Mexico.

34:46 - Ritter, Nicholas
Zero generation. Well, let's uh, Daniel, anything you want to talk about with the team? Nothing, you're good. Anything you need from us?

34:58 - Ritter, Nicholas
put a asphalt and a passing between the between here and here tomorrow. Just a temp? Temp asphalt. Yeah, temporary asphalt. It's not going to mess up anyone getting into block six. We're going to do temp asphalt on the roadway. Tomorrow? Yeah. I mean, don't be so quick, though. What time? I don't know. We're still waiting today. They will give you seven.

35:27 - Ritter, Nicholas
50 tons or what did you get? Hungary, I'm getting still. We already used the 50 tons we got yesterday. Oh, we're waiting on some today and we are scheduled to get 50 more tomorrow.

35:45 - Ritter, Nicholas
I mean, I don't think that's mess up anything. All right. Guillermo, do you need anything besides squeeze delivery? No, just we are. Having a special call for early monday so whatever we plan today and tomorrow we'll spectrum monday morning and we'll buck till so you guys can have more room behind it got it that's the six three four five six yeah my extra framing um one one wants you to move all your form work on the west side of building B, all of it, even though you stacked it nice and it's perfect. That's what I told Juan. I was like, if we talked a week ago, we did all this OMB and fucking layers. Still on my way. I need to get that dirt out. No, I think we're gold though, aren't we, Juan? We're good. I should be planting a little bit. Moisture compaction Monday. Are we doing that?

36:48 - Ritter, Nicholas
All right. Radon? No. Do you need anything? Inspection Monday?

37:05 - Ritter, Nicholas
Cowboy concrete, do you need anything? No.

37:18 - Ritter, Nicholas
Surveys done on building D. They put it all on the sidewalk. Just go take a gander, study it, look at it. But I had them just clear code everything on the actual sidewalk east of Building D so the stakes don't get hit, removed, or anything like that. All right.

37:39 - Ritter, Nicholas
Who's that?

37:41 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't know. I wonder if that's bruised. It's just BB.

37:46 - Ritter, Nicholas
tomorrow comes a patho guide for make path on that side and the meter wall for the yeah we have a schedule for tomorrow we can make patho on all sides yeah no you got it you're fine that's not you're not in anybody's way on the call who who's bb on the call Fair enough.

38:20 - Ritter, Nicholas
I thought it was Brooks Bennett. Who's BB on the call?

38:33 - Ritter, Nicholas
it might be. Yeah, I'm not with it.