Bill O'Neill: Bb thanks for joining the meeting. It won't start until 6:45. Time did you go over there? Doug, can you hear us?
Doug Ferrin: Now. I. Can. You hear me?
Bill O'Neill: Doug, can you hear us? Test, test.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah, I can hear you. Can
Bill O'Neill: We
Doug Ferrin: you guys
Bill O'Neill: got to
Doug Ferrin: hear
Bill O'Neill: change
Doug Ferrin: me?
Bill O'Neill: our speaker since set up here. Hold on. Say something again, please.
Doug Ferrin: I can hear you.
Bill O'Neill: Okay, great. We got you now. Why this thing isn't working is a speaker strange have to mess with that, Okay. Just dad jokes. Can't lose them. You're just going to replay that game last night. It wasn't too bad. You guys really didn't do that bad. You could have done better. Don't get me wrong. Did you go watch too? Yeah, yeah. 6:30 games. I can. I can swing the 9:15 window. Yeah. How many more games are left? Okay. Are you done with the 9 o' clock games though? Those are with. You only have two of them, right? I think we only had two. What they're asking at like seven. So seven or eight. Yeah. Those aren't. Those aren't too. Those are. Those are reachable like a half hour drive home after is not clock tomato. Well, I played in the Erie on Tuesday at night get on Till I almost 11. Yeah, because it came before around long. It starts almost like 9:30. It is way too late on. Right on Thursday or on any. Any weekday actually. Thursday. Yeah. Yeah. Thursday is not a problem. Sleeping on Friday, That's at work. Did you just suffer somebody in area or did your. No, I play in area. Oh. Why? I don't know. I've done it for like two years. Like softball started with one team and then another team asked me. You saw that the other one. It just happens. It's nice to be wanted, doesn't it? Right. Why did the welder break up with the grinder? Because she kept throwing sparks at other guys. All right. All right. Why didn't. Why don't steel beams ever get lost? Because they always find their bearing out. Okay, I'm over. I'm gone. You guys can meet yourself. Sounds great actually. Zach, you're up next week. Okay? All right. Little village business there. There's no change there. No change. Hold on one second. Danny. Just so for so the transcribe can see. Danny, let's get started on your projects. You go ahead. Sorry. I just want to make sure it understands where we're at. Littleton Village fitness stair, no change. Amenity stair, no change there. The garage awning, you can mark that complete. No change to the garage baller. So just waiting on them to give us the word. Trash room gate, that's on site. That's low priority. But they can get that in whenever we get to it. Staircore C, that's going in right now. Jay's taking the treads this morning. The OSHA parapet rail extension, they're ready for that down there. Just working through fab the south knee walls. No rush on that. There's nobody's trimming out that knee wall. We have a green data 625. So is that. Yeah, that can go. Okay. They're getting closed anyway us they started. Yeah. The Honor C11 extension, that's that one that we brought back here. 72 needed to be 80. That was just as soon as we can get it. It's ready. Rebuild. Superior deck. Still just waiting on building finishes to put those up. That is it for Logan. Stacks at weak bridge. No change down there except they are working the building one ultra lox rails right now. 70 a few to work through on that. And we need to figure out. That reveal. I talked to Oscar yesterday and then sent me some other pictures on one back out after this meeting to see what we can figure out there. But that's it. Stacks right now. Sandstone ranch. The pit and the stair that that is in. We got some rework to do on it. I got submit a detail for the fix. Upper canopies, building A. We can work that complete. Okay. Upper camp B day is complete. They are ready for B. If we can get those on shipping planning. All the hardware is out there, right? Ready for the lower bumpy as well. And you can get that access ladder for beef ship out there. So put all three of those on shipping planning, upper canopies, lower canopies and roof access here. Perfect. Building C. I see that one's working there. That building's ready when we can get get there. We're about 75% done with that one. What about all these traps are on the side rails. They are fabening welding. There's three left to do. So these will all be very shortly. Those are all ready. Okay. That's it for your sandstone. Got to see already starting to paint it already too. Or paint them as they come out. Doesn't matter for you guys. But just for the note. We are ready to put in those trellises for sandstone. They're pre manufactured, laying on the ground. Yeah. Gotta get a line item for that on this job. East coast townhomes. The east courtyard balcony rails. That's complete. Angle iron ledger. Change order is complete. Roof access ladder and gate you can put at 75%. Got everything but the upper gates on the non full height wall supports. Need to get those down there. I think those are complete, aren't they? Oh yeah. Privacy screen wall columns. Those just got released. That's 15 columns with tabs on them. You have a timeline on those. I know some of that East Oak stuff has been pretty pretty hot. They need those columns. But they already have the route done. They. They're aware they're gonna have to cut it open. It's change coming after. Okay. So just when we can get them. They're gonna have to cut it open regardless. Okay. No change on the 4th street except for the building A structural install change to July 6th start. Building structural. Oh the start installation. Oh, there we go. Okay. Yes. Everything else for that one is no other change for last. Creek. I'll check to see if the mock up's done today. I'm going to measure 65. Building 1. The building is ready. Trans are shipping out tomorrow. I don't know what we're going to do about equipment and getting someone down there to unload those. They said they would help us if it came down to it, but they prefer we have that situated. But it's two hours away and they're not going to talk till they're on site. So I'm not sure how to handle that. Three east and west. Those are just working through. Three will be the first one we need two follow right behind. Still working through. And then the shoe or fence. Just need that handle and gravity latch on.
Doug Ferrin: That's happening tomorrow, Danny. Yep. And then.
Bill O'Neill: Okay.
Doug Ferrin: So we could probably. If we have a firm ETA on those treads for flats at Sand Creek, they could probably hop down there, get that unloaded, and then hit Schuler on their way back. Or before.
Bill O'Neill: Well, like
Doug Ferrin: You know, either or.
Bill O'Neill: Camp Logan said, they're shipping out on Friday. That's not necessarily when they're showing up.
Doug Ferrin: Ah.
Bill O'Neill: They won't be there until prime
Doug Ferrin: I
Bill O'Neill: Monday.
Doug Ferrin: thought they said they were arriving.
Bill O'Neill: No shipping out Friday.
Doug Ferrin: Okay,
Bill O'Neill: I mean, I think it if we can help them out by getting a lift on site for the day to ask them if they can have somebody operate it and offload them for us. At least they've got a piece of equipment ready to go. I guess
Doug Ferrin: Yeah,
Bill O'Neill: the best way we
Doug Ferrin: I'll
Bill O'Neill: can
Doug Ferrin: get
Bill O'Neill: try
Doug Ferrin: one
Bill O'Neill: and
Doug Ferrin: heading
Bill O'Neill: organize
Doug Ferrin: down there.
Bill O'Neill: that. How far out are you on? 3 stairs. Stairs? Is it just sa on cars still? Yes. The plants at Sand Creek. Those dates are all still good though. Okay. All right, thank you. Danny Gary, Metro center. No change on 5A or 5B. Star 4 building 4 north stoop stairs. That's complete. Building 5 north stoop guardrails. That's complete. Building 5 roof access slider. We can ship that down when it's ready and get that installed. That's the second one. Okay. And that's it for Metro for Reno Martin residents and charity rail reworking that next week. I should bring that channel back, get blasted Repowdered front entry trellis and the extension on site. Just wait for an install. Now looking at fall. Time frame as far as it goes. Still Vista Highlands building for trash enclosure gates still waiting on them. They're not ready for us to light poles. That's done. Building nine stair rails. That's in ship and planning so we can get that out there and installed when ready. Ready for us. The roof access ladders for building 8, 9, 11, 12, 13 and then 10 to include the bulk. Bulk roof ladder pack. That's still the same building 10 stair rails 2 and 1, no change. Building 11, no change. I'm going all the way down to the change order. Three trials a just got released. The next slide's not ready, so we're building for plan. So probably going to do some adjustment when this thing goes. Was this the one that they were asking about, like timeline on the radius trellis? Yeah. No, they were asking for the slats. Okay. For the other top one. Okay. That's trellis B in the courtyard. That's right. So this one, the site's not ready, but they called and they want to build per plan because they're not going to have enough time to come time for it. Marshall Point Northeast Ultra Locks balcony pack. That's Lister sent to you. Zach, I don't know if that's. You need more paperwork on that or. We still. I mean, we have it all. We built the panels, we got the saddles, top snap. It's ready to go. We just did no paperwork. We can't do verbals anymore, right? No, we can do verbals. Yeah, we can do verbals. The only issue we have is like the number generation for it. So for now we probably just need to pick a number that's like ahead of where we're at currently. So we're like in the high 900. So if you did a number in like 112 or something like that, we have to. Because we don't have the way it's generating numbers now in the brain is. Is through the drafting workload on the brain. No longer through the Excel file that's rolling over. So we don't have a way to get a number for verbal reporters just yet. So we just have to make it up and just work into a space that's like free. So in the mid-1100s is perfect spot. Just pick a number and label it that. Standpoint. Install ramp rails. Those are on site as well. We can go into that next alternator habitat post. That's ready to go. Reship that and then the roof curb step. Still dead. Down to alta flat iron stair core six. That's complete, right, Doug? Even the wall hand grabs.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah, they've got everything Good to go. They got the plate washers in? Yeah. Mark that 100%.
Bill O'Neill: Sweet. That area six corner balcony. Did you get that little piece angle installed
Doug Ferrin: That is complete.
Bill O'Neill: yet?
Doug Ferrin: Yes,
Bill O'Neill: Trash supporting. It's ready to go.
Doug Ferrin: That's done.
Bill O'Neill: It's already on site and complete.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah, it's installed. They installed that last Saturday,
Bill O'Neill: Burglar structures working through that. Install columns. And that's
Doug Ferrin: Colin.
Bill O'Neill: just
Doug Ferrin: Columns
Bill O'Neill: all
Doug Ferrin: are.
Bill O'Neill: going south.
Doug Ferrin: Columns are 100% for the P3 canopies, I would say probably mark that 25% because Garrett gave us the blessing yesterday to actually install those canopies 100%. So we need to get those out to site as well. Just the tops for the P3s, though.
Bill O'Neill: Area, two remaining structural steel. It's working. Fab. Do we have a date on that? Did Garrett say anything about a date for that? I know they're starting to get
Doug Ferrin: Not
Bill O'Neill: a
Doug Ferrin: a
Bill O'Neill: lot,
Doug Ferrin: spec.
Bill O'Neill: but.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah. Not a specific date looking at least. Probably like the next week, I think is a safe bet with the way that those framers are rolling. And I guess so everybody knows Garrett did change up the sequencing on how they're framing that out. So they're running floor two for through area two and three, coming back, doing three, floor three on area two, three all the way up. And then they're moving the crane and going to that west side. So anything in Area 2 or 3 that we're going to need is going to be pretty hot.
Bill O'Neill: Brick relief angle. That's working through. Fab as well. Loose lentils, that was
Doug Ferrin: That's great.
Bill O'Neill: it. Delivered yesterday, potentially.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah. Brick relief angle. We're probably 75% complete with that on site. I imagine they'll be wrapped up today. It.
Bill O'Neill: Those lintels those are on site did you see his email as far as doesn't agree with him okay I'll try and get out there and mark them.
Doug Ferrin: Okay?
Bill O'Neill: Released that one's pretty hot we can hold that629 date shouldn't be a problem. That P6 deck assembly for level one trash that's going through fab precast at the pergola that's released for fab as well they're not screaming for that one as much as the P3s right
Doug Ferrin: Yeah. No, it's
Bill O'Neill: everyone.
Doug Ferrin: just those columns so they can get the roofers in there and get all that done. So that's. Yeah, a ways down the road.
Bill O'Neill: Three remaining structural steel that's working through FAB as well Doug was saying I guess that's coming in and that's it for ult flat iron Capital hill we're about 90 on that install I need to go through a new punch if we walked out with Benny yet or did his email make sense with the photos that he sent because I I couldn't I didn't know what was going on I imagine there's some other context that I'm missing he just wants all the trash existing removed somehow
Doug Ferrin: Yeah, they've. They've
Bill O'Neill: we
Doug Ferrin: got
Bill O'Neill: don't
Doug Ferrin: a
Bill O'Neill: want
Doug Ferrin: few.
Bill O'Neill: to do that it.
Doug Ferrin: Well, it goes back to those rails that were breaking off, too. He wants us to come up with the solution for that. And then there's a few tacks that those guys didn't get cleaned up from all the supports and the bracing and stuff. And as far as demoing all that, the remaining rusty stuff, I don't know. We need to talk to him. I know that we have those 10 sticks of angle priced out in the demo. So if it's powder those and tack them in place to cover it up, I, you know, dealer's choice on that one.
Bill O'Neill: I think it causes a bigger problem putting that angle in just.
Doug Ferrin: I would agree.
Bill O'Neill: Okay. Maybe it's worth a site visit with Benny to walk through all the things. Because I mean I think a lot of this sounds like it's outside of our nor our scope of what we've priced.
Doug Ferrin: It.
Bill O'Neill: I know we had raw angle for support. It was just kind of budgeted in there. But powder coating installing it is beyond what we put in there. We'll get that set up novel. The northeast corner canopy decking is so that about the same brick relief hangers. Working through that sounds like we're missing 51 locations. So that's in to get released. Stair core one bottom one that's still on side. No chains on that. That's where the temp stairs are in. Southeast corner canopy. Working through that install. They want the entire canopy left on on that one though. Correct. So
Doug Ferrin: Yeah.
Bill O'Neill: they
Doug Ferrin: The
Bill O'Neill: can
Doug Ferrin: only
Bill O'Neill: get
Doug Ferrin: thing
Bill O'Neill: scaffolding
Doug Ferrin: we can install on that columns.
Bill O'Neill: south entry canopy. They just want columns up on that one as well. So working through that RFI 256 that's installed. The inspection is added. You have a plan for putting in tumescent on that beam.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah. So pending weld inspection today, I'm gonna get Reuben, I think back out there tomorrow to get that one beam. I guess that depends on what we're doing with those two hss, though. Do we want to wait until we get that figured out? So we're only mobilizing once to go paint everything.
Bill O'Neill: Yeah, that's a good point. Plus they called yesterday asking for a beam penetration and
Doug Ferrin: It.
Bill O'Neill: they're going to send over details. Foundation wall embeds. Those are those additionals that's complete on site Northeast canopy embed modifications. I didn't see that in Trilo I guess this morning. Which one? Southeast? Yeah. 614. Not a reference for job number 500. 615 for Trello or Procore. Did it just skip? Setup complete. So it didn't trigger. No, shouldn't. Shouldn't work that way. Okay, we need a fellow card for this one. Huge canopy column based White 17 for shipping as well. Set on the elevator sump pump cover recast Airport three we're waiting on that one as well. Garage entry still that's burning through fab the 624 date. Still waiting to hear back from Aiden if they want to try and bring that in at all but I don't think think they're having any luck.
Doug Ferrin: I.
Bill O'Neill: Stair four two. What? Go ahead.
Doug Ferrin: I was gonna say on that garage entry, Steel, I was out there yesterday, and I don't think they're going to be ready or even remotely close to ready next week. So we probably can bump that date a little bit. I would say we probably need to talk to Kelsey or whoever and see what the realistic plan is, but, I mean, they still got a pile to do.
Bill O'Neill: Yes they do. We're chatting about that this week Again, Staircase 2 part 2 that's released for Fab. That's. And then a CMU bracing angle that's released from that. Oh, yeah, just a little baby at the bottom. Colton's reviewing that now. So I don't know if him and David found something to scan or if they didn't or if that's good or bad. I thought there were some. There was RFI that we needed to potentially make for that where there was some concrete in the wrong location or missing embeds or something like that. There's missing. That's that epoxy anchor fix that they wanted in a few of those locations. So I've. I haven't heard too much from the review from David or help me. So I didn't much make sense. Okay. But this was in checking the structural pack before it goes out. They are thinking that that date might pull in a little bit based off the yesterday's conversation, but they landed again in July. Time frame. Yeah. Thank you, Gary. Rich Banyan High Point Building six interior wall rails, that's completed the garage rail attachment brackets. We're still waiting on building 60 lot to finish that. Building three interior wall rails, that's completed as well. Building three, southeast stair rail, it's on site. I'm not sure if it's installed yet. Light string post, those are completed. We're going to have some changeover work on those at some point, though. Trellis B and pool courtyard trellis. We can mark those and get them ready to ship. Should be ready here in the next week or so. Building six, garage rails still working through. Building six, ground level balcony working through as well. And then the building three northeast and east ramp rails and stair rail. Rich, did you say that the building three southeast ramp rails were done or the stair rails? I believe both of those are done. I know it was shipped and I think I wore it was on site yesterday, so it probably just dumped. Aspen Dale, west side step rail that's completed. Courtyard cabanas, we're still working through those. We get material for that? Yep. Three days. Last one's working right now. Sweet Heritage on hover. Building H, those are on site. I'm not sure if they got to those yet.
Doug Ferrin: That's starting today.
Bill O'Neill: And building G is working through. Is it for Heritage over. Once we're done with that, you need to get a little site stuff, right? Some trash and clear work potentially, or something like that. I gotta talk to Curtis. I'm not sure if that's going away or what's going on. Columbine still the same on all Those there. Cord 90, building one is getting close. They got texture and all that in there, so paint thing. Let's see. Building five, vestibule is still the same on that building seven wing. Did I ever get installed, T.J. no, it's not installed. Building one, storefront repair that's complete. No change on building three. Stairs. Building one, roof ladder that's on site along with three. I think they're ready for building one, be installed. Building four and six, storefront repairs still working through. They're about 50% done. Both of them. They're all welded out. Inspection today. Right. Afternoon.
Doug Ferrin: Have we coordinated intumescent inspection for 1 and 2 yet?
Bill O'Neill: Nick's. Nick's thinking we're not gonna have to do it. He's just gonna try to push it through.
Doug Ferrin: Oh, okay.
Bill O'Neill: Yeah. The framers already started framing around all those columns. So building five store here the ADA reel. Let's store it here for now. Shipping plan. Let's go ahead and get it out there. Quarter ready. So building five elevator miscellaneous. I'm still waiting to ship that out because I think we're going to end up adding some divider beam from shin worm. So the rest of those ladders are working through. Building one ultra locks. I don't know what's going on with their stucco. Kind of got delayed out there. Building two and five additional hold down embeds. I just released those. Change order 15 and then elevator divider means the additional ones for that. It's Schindler just added some. Is that a change order we have outstanding for them too. We have them in our actual original scope. Oh nice. And then they omitted them. So we're okay as far as pricing. Possibly GBR. Building eight ultra locks that's 100% complete. Believe building six stair corps one and two are complete with wall rails. No change on the rest of those cores yet. All the way down to building nine remaining. I think we're about 50% done with the on that. Building tens on site, not quite ready. And 910 utility are on site. Building eight ramp rail they haven't installed yet. And the U shaped bike racks are on site as well. Still storing those here. No need for them. And the rest of those are kind of just slowly working through. Just release those EV station ballers. Idaho Springs the garage door trim that was installed yesterday. Did you ever finish catch up on all that up there? Yep, that's completed then. Nice working through. We got all the answers on that. Paul Irwin. The excavator rail that's scheduled to install today I believe. Right. Doug.
Doug Ferrin: It is scheduled for today. It's probably going to push till tomorrow.
Bill O'Neill: Okay. Who's doing that?
Doug Ferrin: It's going to be our guys. So, you know, TJ and they just. They got to get the stack stuff kind of sorted out and figured out. They told me they'd be done today with it.
Bill O'Neill: That's why I just need somebody needs to be out there so we can kind of go over that install.
Doug Ferrin: Yep.
Bill O'Neill: And then the safety
Doug Ferrin: It.
Bill O'Neill: cage are still working through on it. And Then Blue Room 1, the elevator hoist beams I just released. Those are hot. They're wanting to use the crane to set those on the roof next week. Building or. Excuse me, stair 401 just released it as well. Your voice beams will be done soon. Thank you. Okay. Thanks, Rich. Marking construction. The steel angle frames, those are in eight. Those will be. I think those will be done today, Zach. They are. They are. Let me mark it. Yeah, I marked it up. I marked it right before I came in. You did? Weird. Is ping complete? That's strange. Okay, Well, the qc, I think you just marked it to paint. Oh, that was yesterday. It didn't save anything today for it. I thought about marketing. You might have thought about it. We don't have that integrated into the job log yet. We just think about it and it happens. But Daniel's working the office desk. Is that done? Ready? That was done last week. Huh? You said it was done last week. I haven't touched it. Is it smooth? Ish. No, not at all. I don't even know where it is anymore. Anybody know where it's at? Bueller? No. Outside somewhere cool. So hopefully didn't get covered with all the nasty water from the back. Over in the corner where it started. Okay. I don't know. Where do you guys spray the small piece? We didn't. We don't have any more. Doing nothing. Yeah. Okay. Capital railing is shipped. I do believe I got an email that said that was delivered today, so. Awesome. The Dream Garden boxes are just biting their time for the perfect time to come through. Paint. They have it holding down to some ground out there. Oh, good. Good. Yeah, that's what they're going to do. We got. We got renovations coming, so. I'm gonna skip out on this last part of this meeting. Okay. Okay, thanks. Just please give a. Doug, on any of your. Your install timeline stuff. You got something? Okay. FAB and a thousand hours. So looking like we're easy. Oh, yeah. A little over two weeks through fabrication. At this point. I don't know if that calculation is right. It might be a little further. Plan through three weeks through fabrication. At this point, it gives us the buffer if we can buy that much time with the customers. Makes everyone's life a lot easier. Okay, let's go ahead and look at Jay Shipping planning. Right. Doug, you want to help out with this plan here? Is this. Is this in line for what we're looking for right now?
Doug Ferrin: I cannot see that, bud. And I'm not in front of my
Bill O'Neill: Okay.
Doug Ferrin: computer. I'm just on my phone waiting to go to the grocery store here.
Bill O'Neill: Okay, I can fix that. So we've got sandstone ranch roof access ladder for building B and Lennar Combine Square Building 2, Stair 180A are the two items I think the Lennar one I just added onto here so that that date we could probably pull off of here I would guess for
Doug Ferrin: Yeah,
Bill O'Neill: now.
Doug Ferrin: I
Bill O'Neill: I
Doug Ferrin: would
Bill O'Neill: know
Doug Ferrin: say
Bill O'Neill: you
Doug Ferrin: let's.
Bill O'Neill: said it's ready, but it wasn't that ur.
Doug Ferrin: We can set that for next Monday,
Bill O'Neill: It.
Doug Ferrin: install Tuesday. That Metro Center Building 5 roof, roof access ladder. That's pretty hot. We need to get that on site.
Bill O'Neill: What about the sandstone ranch roof access line for Building B?
Doug Ferrin: I don't think that's very hot at all. I have been talking to Greg, you know, pretty extensively, and he hasn't mentioned that the only thing that's going to be super hot for B is those canopies because they're pouring that south side next week and we're going to get pushed out of there if we don't get those in. So we need to get that in there. It.
Bill O'Neill: That's. The ship. That's the trellis. Mark up the paper on site. Okay.
Doug Ferrin: And on that Hall Irwin stuff, is that something that can fit on the back of TJ's truck when he goes to do that install with those boys? Or.
Bill O'Neill: Yeah, I believe stuff.
Doug Ferrin: Okay.
Bill O'Neill: There's one L shaped rail that's pretty decent size. You guys take a look at it after the meeting. It's the yellow stuff out there. I think you're right, Rich. It just might be. You have to get creative on how it's stacked on there, T.J. okay. So I'll mark that as. Okay. I think you're right. I think you can move those. Go back down a little bit on that. That's kind of what I thought this was, too. Yeah, It. Okay. We don't really have much other dates on any this stuff, but we did have the sandstone, Building B canopies, both these. You want that for tomorrow, Doug? Today.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah, today would probably be better since we've got guys out there and kind of help get it coordinated and where it's going. And then the only other thing is going to be those, the pergola tops for the P3s out of flat irons that we need to get on that list. We can set that maybe for tomorrow. It.
Bill O'Neill: Roof access ladder. If we're going to Sandstone, may as well take everything we've got. Which? This right here. Wood partners. All flatiron pergola structures. Yeah. Soft columns. Is the rest of that ready to ship, though?
Doug Ferrin: Just the tops for the P3s.
Bill O'Neill: It. We don't have any of that broke apart separately. And are the tops for the P3s? Are those ready?
Doug Ferrin: I believe so.
Bill O'Neill: It's marked through install start which makes me concern that we gift bab shop Is that true? Okay, we're gonna have to look at. We just want to make another card for that structures is like this P3.
Doug Ferrin: It probably wouldn't be a bad idea because the remainders like the the P4 and all that's going to be a while before that gets install. Are we froze up.
Bill O'Neill: Not on our end. I got that P3 top. When do we want
Doug Ferrin: Awesome.
Bill O'Neill: to try and ship? That.
Doug Ferrin: I mean, if he can get through sandstone canopies today, maybe he can ship that tomorrow.
Bill O'Neill: Seems. Seems achievable.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah. It's just on that west side that we really need to focus on because they're going to start putting scaffolding up and, you know, they've got finishes starting to go, so.
Bill O'Neill: These three items at the top Metro Center Building 5 roof access ladder that need to ship
Doug Ferrin: Yeah,
Bill O'Neill: today. Yes. Okay.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah. I mean, if you can get it today, absolutely.
Bill O'Neill: Okay. Marshall Point Pollinator habitat post ship today. I gotta see where that ultra box pack is that we were talking about. I mean if. If you can put the most. I mean it's mostly panels, right? Is there top snap on it in that release. Okay. Doesn't make anything. Can you get that down there? Okay, so we'll leave this here so he could take those that ultra locks down there. We can get get that put together. It's the pilot is building nine stair one snap. Yeah. Bottom snap is not a problem. The top snap is going to be the issue. 18ft. There you go. Got heavy payload this Vista Highlands Billy NY stair one rails ship today.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah.
Bill O'Neill: Do you
Doug Ferrin: I
Bill O'Neill: have someone
Doug Ferrin: mean,
Bill O'Neill: out there in a ca
Doug Ferrin: say that again.
Bill O'Neill: when do you have someone out there to catch it? I guess.
Doug Ferrin: Probably not till the beginning of next week. I think between Sandstone Schuler residence and the Hall Irwin Rail, we're not going to be able to get out there until Monday. Tuesday.
Bill O'Neill: Okay, I'll change. I'll push that out to Tuesday for shipping.
Doug Ferrin: It.
Bill O'Neill: Okay. All right. That tidies this up a little bit. We got dates. Don't have any dates on this Esok. Non full height wall support,
Doug Ferrin: We could probably put that for Tuesday next week.
Bill O'Neill: Flat irons, future canopy column base plates. I did find it in. We didn't have yet. When do we want to ship those? Gary, do you have anyone on site that can start on Is Eduardo gonna be out there install these?
Doug Ferrin: Yeah, I mean, he's out there. He's probably going to be pretty well finished up with what he can do on the brick relief supports and the brick relief angle. I would imagine probably mid morning tomorrow. So if we can get him out there, then he can jump into that for sure.
Bill O'Neill: So put that on for tomorrow morning. Shipping.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah. I mean, is that something that can fit in the van? Is that a whole bunch? Is a full pallet.
Bill O'Neill: Just fine? I don't know. I guess. Yeah. Should all fit. I'll put it for tomorrow if you can get it. Gary. Just mark it off of here and we'll be good there. Oh, looks good for that. Let's take a look at equipment here. So, flatirons,
Doug Ferrin: Whoa.
Bill O'Neill: We
Doug Ferrin: Where'd
Bill O'Neill: just have a
Doug Ferrin: it
Bill O'Neill: set
Doug Ferrin: go?
Bill O'Neill: of forks out there, but no forklift.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah, I had a good conversation with Kia and Natalie yesterday. They are gonna get that cleaned up. So that's all called off. Everything at Flatirons through Sunbelt is not there. It's all called off, and I can't see that screen anymore. I'm looking at your new customer portal for Norfolk.
Bill O'Neill: How's that, Douglas?
Doug Ferrin: Much better. Except now I got
Bill O'Neill: All
Doug Ferrin: the teams
Bill O'Neill: right?
Doug Ferrin: meeting in the way.
Bill O'Neill: No, no, it's
Doug Ferrin: Okay.
Bill O'Neill: going. It's.
Doug Ferrin: All right. Yeah. So as far as sunbelt goes, we have nothing out at flat irons. That's all been called off and or picked up. So the banyan high point, that lift. Definitely gonna maybe need that for straightening out a couple of these by string posts. And I think that's really it. I mean, we could probably do that without it. So I don't know. I'm in favor of calling that one off.
Bill O'Neill: That way called the one presents, the one that charges for the fuel cap on.
Doug Ferrin: That is a good point. Sorry. I'm just writing this down to. So I can talk to Kia about it. All right. So moving from banyan, we got heritage on hover. They're definitely going to need that for the stairs. Everything at novel, the fork, the two man lifts. They're still using all of that. The sandstone ranch. We're definitely going to need that telly out there for the building b canopies. Littleton village probably can keep the fork, I would say, depending on what that turnaround time is for that one last canopy. We can call that man lift. Yeah. Did I lose you again? We froze.
Bill O'Neill: Nope, nope, we're
Doug Ferrin: Okay.
Bill O'Neill: good. I hear you. You're just making notes
Doug Ferrin: Okay.
Bill O'Neill: to adjust those. I just. I can't do it with this new screen
Doug Ferrin: Yeah.
Bill O'Neill: set up
Doug Ferrin: Yeah.
Bill O'Neill: here. Okay,
Doug Ferrin: I was just waiting to see if how everybody felt about that. But Danny's gone, so I'll call that off.
Bill O'Neill: Call
Doug Ferrin: And
Bill O'Neill: it over.
Doug Ferrin: then everything at calm. Go ahead.
Bill O'Neill: That's. Oh, I just said call it.
Doug Ferrin: Okay. And then Columbine, the two scissors, they. T.J. you said we're welded out. 100 on that. Okay. So I think we could probably call at least one of those off. Pending weld inspection. Reuben's probably going to need one to finish up intimacy out there on 4 and 6. So I'd say we probably. We leave one. I'll call one off. Which one? What are dates on that? 6, 16. 611 that just turned. Okay.
Bill O'Neill: As of today, it's on a week rental. So yeah, you could call them on.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah, I might just call them off and then let Mike get one down there. That's pretty much it. So for Sun Belt now, if I go into the app here on our rentals for equipment share, we obviously have that tone wrench, which I think is going to be gifted to us. Mike's working that out right now. We do have a high reach telly out there. We're going to need that for those upper P3 canopies. Marshall Point. We do have that telescopic boom lift that they're needing for the remainder of those balcony rails. So if we can get that out there, get those installed, we can call that thing off. And then we have a fork at stacks that the guys are using for those balcony rails as far as install goes.
Bill O'Neill: So do we call that fork off after today? If they're done with that.
Doug Ferrin: Absolutely. Yeah. Because I don't think we're going to need it for a while. Unless
Bill O'Neill: Until
Doug Ferrin: we're
Bill O'Neill: you get the
Doug Ferrin: going to
Bill O'Neill: next
Doug Ferrin: need it
Bill O'Neill: balcony
Doug Ferrin: for maybe.
Bill O'Neill: rails, yeah.
Doug Ferrin: Yeah. Or what is that building three stuff stairs out there? I don't know what that time frame looks like. I call Kirk or bow,
Bill O'Neill: Okay.
Doug Ferrin: So. Yeah, but that's what we got for equipment.
Bill O'Neill: Okay.
Doug Ferrin: Do we need anything anywhere that I
Bill O'Neill: What
Doug Ferrin: don't
Bill O'Neill: do you
Doug Ferrin: think
Bill O'Neill: need?
Doug Ferrin: we
Bill O'Neill: A
Doug Ferrin: do?
Bill O'Neill: barn residence.
Doug Ferrin: I think we can just manhandle that. It's a single piece of channel. I don't think we need to get any equipment out there. They got it in. They can get it out. Oh, sweet.
Bill O'Neill: Yeah, I got it pulled up here. Rental
Doug Ferrin: Yeah.
Bill O'Neill: report. It's kind of different format,
Doug Ferrin: Well, let's
Bill O'Neill: obviously.
Doug Ferrin: see. Yeah. You say you got stacks. I just. The telly, the boom, the shear wrench. Okay, nice. Hello.
Bill O'Neill: Okay, sweet. That's
Doug Ferrin: Okay,
Bill O'Neill: good for rentals. Take a look at installation.
Doug Ferrin: I don't have anything in there right now, so as soon as I get into this grocery store and get back to the house, I've got a pretty good idea. So Eduardo, he's going to be out at Martin Res getting that rail buttoned up, and then probably back out to Novell working through quite a few of those things. Probably some punch out at Heritage. Saul. It's going to be Littleton Village and Columbine. Osbaldo is going to be busy with Alta Flat Irons. Our guys gonna be out at Vista highlands getting Building 9 done, potentially unloading some treads, depending on what that looks like. So as soon as I get back to the house, I'll kind of start working on that. And if you guys have anything, just shoot me a text or give me a call and let me know, and I'll get it in there.
Bill O'Neill: Cool. All right. Awesome. Just so everyone knows, I'm out next week, so I'll be available fish our bite and I'll take your call if they are call you back. But we'll be back the 29th, so just next week, so. And then David's gone Monday and Tuesday, so I think we'll do first thing in the morning tomorrow drafting workload meeting so that we can make sure everyone's queued up for the week. Some adjustments when he gets back, but I want to leave that until Wednesday to update that list. So make sure everybody's got everything we need ordered in there. So we'll do that tomorrow morning. I'll just pull everyone in.
Doug Ferrin: And
Bill O'Neill: Yeah.
Doug Ferrin: I've got one more thing so next Friday just so everybody's aware and I don't T.J. you'll be a part of it. I don't think it's a bad idea for the PMs to be a part of it. We've got forklift, AWP and fall protection. We're doing it all in once for everybody subcontractors, our guys so that way we're just on a good cycle. So that's going to be starting at 7am so start letting the job sites know that we're not going to have manpower on that Friday. And it should only take about six hours. I'm hoping. I'm still waiting to hear back from Phil on what his time frame looks like and we may have to do the fall protection and then do AWP or forklift afterwards. I'm trying to get that sorted out but yeah, for those of you that don't have it, that need it, let's plan on being there.
Bill O'Neill: Perfect. All right. Very good. Thank you, guys.
Doug Ferrin: Sweet.